welcome back to our video blog episode 1
watched saving our country's shall help
spread it faster than I spread licensure
Dre credible skateboarding's
international is fuck actually comes in
dart right behind Mexican cuss words and
put those work in airport security while
another sites cater to this long as
y'all watching in other countries I'm
gonna make sure that shit is subtitled
thanks to these people episode once
translated into Spanish Danish Finnish
Portuguese Japanese on your knees we
have seven simple things with videos
like translations bad as they have to
step the trick tip video they tell you a
way to flip it and then they'd be like
they catch it land their shit box really
motherfucker you solve my damn problem I
kept forgetting the lamb pokes the
majority all the fuckin problems y'all
get you riding to me everything a day by
us over here 1 one thing with trip
tripping the whole dang but you only got
one foot on like you can take all y'all
acting like when a pushy bitch like
things are not working now motherfucker
it's not you its people good too is your
palm to your city to do doing following
the motherfucker pay attention to where
you're bored went back three land
Emmanuel jump over this shit right here
getting away from you don't flick it
less just jump with that shit I promise
I'm pretty much just trying to say not
only the thousands of trick tips online
trying to learn not just a handful of
concepts that you gotta get don't
overthink it just because
butch bitch cat 500 photos of hood
making duck lips on Facebook don't
understand photography yo fuck that you
don't know me tired of those emails got
some interesting note ass white me in
comments right here and I answer them
shits in the next week hey nobody gonna
kick this knowledge my Gavin is gonna
kick